{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1038\cocoasubrtf250
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9780\viewh8620\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 Disable potentially conflicting versions of wine:\

\b0 \
If one has previously installed some version of wine, try temporarily disabling it by;\
\
sudo mv /opt /opt-tmp\
mv ~/.wine ~/.wine-tmp\
\

\b Install X11\
\

\b0 Simply install the X11 application that ships with Mac OS X. Wacvst has only been tested with the Apple version of X11.\

\b \
Build and install Wine\

\b0 \
Uninstall any previously built from source versions of wine:\
\
cd (previous wine build directory)\
make uninstall\
\
Download wine.1.1.33 from winehq.org\
\
Build and install wine from the command line:\
\
./configure\
make depend\
make (this will take a while)\
sudo make install\
\
Configure wine:\
\
/usr/local/bin/wine winecfg. You'll get a warning dialog regarding the lack of the gecko package. You can safely ignore this.\
\

\b Configure wacvst:
\b0 \
\
Copy your vst.dll to wacvst.vst/Contents/Resources\
\
Edit wacvst.vst/Contents/Resources/config.plist.\
  Change the plugin-name entry  to reflect name of Windows dll to be wrapped.\
  Note that one should NOT include the .dll extension in the name.\
\
  Change the wine-path entry to point to where wine is installed. If one installed\
  wine in the default location, this entry does not need edited.\
\
One may also need to copy support dlls to wine's windows\\system32 directory.\
\
If you want to wrap multiple vsts:\
\
  Rename the vst bundle\
\
  Change the 
\b uniqeID 
\b0 entry in Contents/Resources/config.plist. Insure that each individual vs. has a different uniqueID.\
\

\b Install wacvst:\
\

\b0 Move the configured wacvst  to ~/Library/Audio/Plug-Ins/VST/ or\
/Library/Audio/Plug-Ins/VST\
\

\b Troubleshooting
\b0 :\

\b \

\b0 Try starting the X11 server before attempting to load wacvst. Some hosts refuse to load a VST if it takes to long to start up. \
\
If wacvst shows up as a plugin within Live, but then Live reports it as being incompatible when dragged to a track, try dragging it a second time. \
\
From the command line, try loading wacvst via the 
\b misswatson 
\b0 host which can be downloaded from: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.teragon.org/attic/MissWatson-v1.0-mac.zip"}}{\fldrslt MissWatson-v1.0-mac.zip}}\
\
Start misswatson with the command line: MissWatson -editor -plugin=wacvst\
\
Both misswatson and wacvst will send debugging information to the terminal window. If you are having problems, redirect this output to a file and email it to retroware99@gmail.com.
\b \
\
}